Welcome back.
Now that we have our navigation let's focus on our cover.
If we go back to our a simple page we have our cover here and we can just keep the date here as it is
because we don't really know what the cover will be just yet but I want to add a new CSSA class called
container here.
And this container is going to define some properties for us that will make this truly a cover image
just like we have in our solution web page over here.
And let's add those exclamation marks because we're excited not for conduct's for the cover.
That's the exclamation marks are here.
Nice.
All right.
We'll go to our style Dotsie SS and we'll add on our cover style NOW.
This is actually going to be fairly easy.
We want to have let's say display of flax or first of all let's make sure that we have the container
class and we'll have a display of flex and I'm now using grid here because well we're not going to have
any grid items we won't have that many items in a cover it's usually a button or a background image
or some text and display flex just makes things nice and simple.
And usually we want things in the cover to be centered that is we want this cover to be right in the
center.
And as we make things smaller it's always going to be in the center.
That's something that we see a lot of in a lot of Web sites.
And to do that especially with Fluxbox is really easy.
All we need to say is to align items center and to justify content center just like that.
If I save here and refresh All right this is centered.
And as I move things perfect everything is absolutely centered but obviously cover image should be a
little bit larger rate.
What do we do here.
And I want to introduce to you something that you haven't seen before but don't get scared.
It's not that hard.
I'm going to have a height and just to start us off I'm going to show you usually you might do something
like 500 pixels and if I refresh.
Awesome.
I have a nice little height but there's a problem here right.
Because I'm saying 500 pixel here if the viewport if I move things around if I lift things up you'll
see that all right the view is not responsive when I go up because it's always find find your pixels.
And this might not be the worst idea ever.
Maybe you want your website to be like that.
But if you do want this to be responsive in terms of going up and down as well what we can do is use
something called the H that is the viewport height and I like using viewport height a new unit that
we haven't seen before for making things responsive when it comes to height.
And what this states it's going to look at the viewport that is the view of the web page and make sure
that there's always a percentage of that viewport dedicated to this container.
So if I do 50 VH and if I refresh your you'll see that might cover will be 50 percent of our viewport.
If I do 100 and I refresh
you see that the cover fills up the entire viewport.
The cool part is if I go up and down this adjusts exactly according to the viewport height that is the
window of the browser.
Very cool right.
And everything is still centered.
So I like using the VH 4 or something like a container.
So let's keep it at 50 and if I refresh look at that nice and responsive.
How cool is that.
And that's it for the cover.
Not that hard right.
Let's move on to the project grid in the next video by.